[DM-3346] Chronicle Map update for arm64 compliance (#2159)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/opcua-10-20-66-0-opcua-gateway-run-on-arm64.md

---
date:

> title: OPC UA gateway failed to start on ARM64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: OPC UA gateway no longer fails to start on ARM64 Docker images
```
